.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a bug report for Amazon FreeRTOS
labels: bug

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**System information**
- Which hardware board or part numbers?
- IDE used
- Operating System [Windows|Linux|MacOS]
- Version of Amazon FreeRTOS (run ``git describe --tags`` to find it)
- Project [Custom Application|MQTT|Shadow|Greengrass|OTA|Device Defender|TCP Echo|Sub pub Demo|Simple TCP Server]
- If your project is a Custom Application, please add the relevant code snippet in the section `Code to reproduce the bug`. 

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots or console output**
If appropriate, please cut-and-paste the console output to explain the issue. If possible, include the call stack. 

**To reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:

1. ...
2. ...

**Code to reproduce the bug**
The code should be wrapped in the cpp tag in order to be displayed clearly. For example:

```cpp
printf("Hello World")
```

If the code is longer than 30 lines, [GIST](https://gist.github.com) is preferred.

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Thank you!

Commit message:

Update bug/feature templates. Add other issue type.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a bug report for Amazon FreeRTOS
labels: bug

---
**Utilize the community first**
1. To be unstuck as quickly as possible, we recommend first searching on the [FreeRTOS Community Support Forums](https://forums.freertos.com) and [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos/issues) to be sure this hasn't already been reported or discussed.
2. If your search turns up empty, we recommend creating a new topic in the [forums](https://forums.freertos.org) and work with the community to help clarify the bug first. Include as many of the details listed below.
3. If the community review determines that you've uncovered a bug, please fill out this issue with the details below and a link to the discussion thread.

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**System information**
- Which hardware board or part numbers?
- IDE used
- Operating System [Windows|Linux|MacOS]
- Version of Amazon FreeRTOS (run ``git describe --tags`` to find it)
- Project [Custom Application|MQTT|Shadow|Greengrass|OTA|Device Defender|TCP Echo|Sub pub Demo|Simple TCP Server]
- If your project is a Custom Application, please add the relevant code snippet in the section `Code to reproduce the bug`. 

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots or console output**
If appropriate, please cut-and-paste the console output to explain the issue. If possible, include the call stack. 

**To reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:

1. ...
2. ...

**Code to reproduce the bug**
The code should be wrapped in the cpp tag in order to be displayed clearly. For example:

```cpp
printf("Hello World")
```

If the code is longer than 30 lines, [GIST](https://gist.github.com) is preferred.

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Thank you!
